README.md, before:

# GO POST
This is a simple application that reads data from an Excel (```.xlsx```) file and for every row, 
will send a post request to a given url.

The posts will be made concurrently, so it's a fast process, and you can use this application
to do simple stress tests on your apis.

## Limitations
1. For now, only flat json structures are supported.

## How does it work
1. Create an Excel file
2. On any sheet, in  the first line, write the name of the properties of your json, the way they need to be written.
3. Each row after the first will generate a json object (using the names on the first row as keys) and will be used on a post request
4. The data must be written the way you want to send it. If you want to send a datetime in UTC format, write it that way.
5. You can use formulas to format and treat your data. GoPost will read the final value of the cell.
6. The workbook may have as many sheets as you want, as long as the sheet used for posts contains only the required data. Loose columns and values in that sheet may cause errors.

## How to use
### Step 1: Create the Excel file with your post data.
If you want to send posts with the following json body:
```json
{
  "id": 0,
  "name": "John Doe",
  "timeStamp": "2021-12-31T23:59:59.000Z"  
}
```


Your Excel should look like this:

![Demo of a payload excel file](.imgs/excel_demo.png "Excel Demo")

Once you've added all data you want to the Excel file, we can go to the next step.

### Step 2: Run the application.
To use this application, you must provide a few command line arguments.
1. The url you want to use
2. Path for the Excel file
3. (Optional, default 2) Size of the buffer that will be used. Higher means faster + more resources used on your machine.
4. (Optional, default 'Sheet1') Name of the sheet that contains your data.

Example: 
```shell
go-post --url https://localhost:44319/api/v1/cars --file .tmp\pu_payload.xlsx
```

To review available args and their default values:
```shell
go-post --help
```

## Performance
On local tests i got an average rate of 1 request every 0.013 seconds.


## Demo
### Success
![Success run demo](.imgs/demo_ok.png "Demo 1")


### Error
![Failed run demo](.imgs/demo_error.png "Demo 2")

Commit message:

adding releases page link to readme.md

README.md, after:

# GO POST
This is a simple application that reads data from an Excel (```.xlsx```) file and for every row, 
will send a post request to a given url.

The posts will be made concurrently, so it's a fast process, and you can use this application
to do simple stress tests on your apis.

## Limitations
1. For now, only flat json structures are supported.

## How does it work
1. Create an Excel file
2. On any sheet, in  the first line, write the name of the properties of your json, the way they need to be written.
3. Each row after the first will generate a json object (using the names on the first row as keys) and will be used on a post request
4. The data must be written the way you want to send it. If you want to send a datetime in UTC format, write it that way.
5. You can use formulas to format and treat your data. GoPost will read the final value of the cell.
6. The workbook may have as many sheets as you want, as long as the sheet used for posts contains only the required data. Loose columns and values in that sheet may cause errors.

## How to use
### Step 1: Create the Excel file with your post data.
If you want to send posts with the following json body:
```json
{
  "id": 0,
  "name": "John Doe",
  "timeStamp": "2021-12-31T23:59:59.000Z"  
}
```


Your Excel should look like this:

![Demo of a payload excel file](.imgs/excel_demo.png "Excel Demo")

Once you've added all data you want to the Excel file, we can go to the next step.

### Step 2: Run the application.
To use this application, you must provide a few command line arguments.
1. The url you want to use
2. Path for the Excel file
3. (Optional, default 2) Size of the buffer that will be used. Higher means faster + more resources used on your machine.
4. (Optional, default 'Sheet1') Name of the sheet that contains your data.

Example: 
```shell
go-post --url https://localhost:44319/api/v1/cars --file .tmp\pu_payload.xlsx
```

To review available args and their default values:
```shell
go-post --help
```

Check [releases](https://github.com/brenordv/go-post/releases) page if you want to download a compiled version.


## Performance
On local tests i got an average rate of 1 request every 0.013 seconds.


## Demo
### Success
![Success run demo](.imgs/demo_ok.png "Demo 1")


### Error
![Failed run demo](.imgs/demo_error.png "Demo 2")
